# Daddy-s-Game
CW// watersports, diapers, abdl

You pull up into your drive way turn your car off and sigh. You’ve had all long grueling day at work, running around doing task after task feeling as though it would never end, and now your just glad your home. You exit the car and slouch as you walk towards your front door, sluggishly reaching for the knob, open the door and step inside, home sweet home. You toss your things to the side, kick off your shoes. You start to unbutton your shirt when you feel your bladder warning you about a potential flood. You power walk to the bathroom, hoping you don’t spring a leak on the way there. Luckily you make it, you start to unzip your pants when realize you didn’t here your partner greet you at the door.“Babe you here?” you callout, nothing, you do it once more “Babe I’m home, aren’t you going to say hi”. The only thing you here is the sound of the AC humming. You think of what would bring him out if he were here. “Hey sweetie if you’re here come out, if you do, I won’t complain when you dress me tonight.” The silence says it all, he’s not here. Seizing your opportunity, you zip you fly up, pop your thumb in your mouth, and focus on relaxing, relaxing your mind and bladder. You think about your day at work, about how hard it was to all the boss asked you to do about all the stress you acquired today. You think that if you can relax just a bit more all that stress would flow out of you, like a river into the sea. You suck on your thumb harder as think about how if you completely lose yourself in this feeling that you wouldn’t have to worry about any grown up thoughts ever again just this incredible warmth that fills you up, so much so that your on the edge of bursting that if this feeling keeps up you will break the preverbal dam and…
You lose you train of thought as you pee your pants, the warmth that you felt inside you is now all over your crotch . Your legs shake a little as your prostate empty’s every ounce of pee that was in you. You feel it run down your legs past your ankles and onto the floor were it makes big yellow puddle, you feel as if though all the tension in your body was just released into that puddle. You look down, admiring the mess you just made, you grab your crotch with your free hand and squeeze your growing bulge. You then say out loud, muffled by your thumb “Im’a big pants wetting babise”. You take your thumb out and undo your pants, letting them fall to the floor leaving you in just your babyish looking undies. You reach down into them and thread your dick though the front hole. You sit down in the puddle of pee you just made as you start to stroke your self up and down. You don’t really care that your butt is wet from the “accident” you just had, all you can think about is shooting your cum all over the place, you lay back moaning, as pre dribbles out of your cock. You pick up the pace as you feel yourself getting closer. “Uhh, Uhh, ooooh yes”, the house is filled with these sounds, you know you’re getting closer just a bit more and you’ll be in…
“Well, what do we have here”. You look up and freeze, all you can manage to say is “ D…Daddy!” Your “daddy” looks down at you with a face full of playful disappointment. This bear of 7ft 300lbs mass of muscle, fat and fur, spins his finger around, and says “Why don’t you get out of that mess before I give you a spanking you wont ever forget”. You get up on to your knees and say “Daddy I…I thought you were uh…uh.” “What gone” saying it in a mocking tone. “O no baby boy, I was just outside finishing up the garden” he leans down and makes eye contact with you. He suddenly grabs your dick causing you to moan aloud, “And when I come back inside what do I find but my little rule breaker, jerking it like his peepees about to fall off”. He starts to slowly move his hand along your shaft, making sure you can’t focus on what to say next. You manage to whimper out “It-it was an accident.”  He rolls his eyes at you and says “oh really, which part you wetting out of your diapers. Or you masturbating out of tour diapers hmmmm?” You look away from him trying not to cum form his tender paws. He lets go and moves your head to meet his gaze.” You know the rules. Any thing that come out of you go’s straight into your diaper” He grabs you under your armpits and picks  you up onto your feet. “ Your lucky you didn’t squirt yet, other wise you would be big trouble mister.” He steps aside and points down the hall. “ Nursery. Now mister.” You stammer out “ But…I-work was-mmmm…noooooo.” “Do I have to carry you there?” You shake your head and get moving. You enter the nursery, looking around the variable Adult Baby play land   your gaze shifts to the changing table noticing the shelves filled with stacks upon stacks of thick poofy diapers, the thing you are both dreading and desiring at the same time. You hesitate a second to long entering the nursery, long enough for your partner to pick you up by your armpits and carry you over to the table.  He lays you down on the changing table, pulls a strap over your chest and says “ Now that your all nice and comfy, its time to discus your punishment.” You open your mouth to dispute that, but he quickly pops your paci in your mouth giving a coy grin as he dose so. He continues “The way I see it you have two options. You take 100 spanks, on each cheek and thighs right now, or we play a little game”. Saying it almost like as if no matter what you pick he’ll enjoy your torment regardless. He then reaches down pulls up a small pill shaped device and says “And the game is, I but this on your little peepee and all you have to do not make stickes for the rest of the day. And if you do you’ll get a special surprise just for you hun. Now what will it be.” You weigh the options in your head for a moment, thinking that maybe getting it over with would be the best option. But before you can decide your partner says “Oh by the way, I wont be using my paws this time” hey reaches down grabs a huge wooden paddle with the words “BIG BABY” carved into it. You immediately point to the small vibrator. “hmm ok sweetie, it your call. Now lets get you all padded up.” He pulls  down your socked undies and throws it into a nearby laundry hamper, he then pulls out baby wipes and begins to wipe down your inner thigh, he lifts your butt in the air wiping down your cheeks and then moves to your butt crack, he glides it over your tailhole causing you to moan softly behind your paci. He then moves the wipe under your balls, tickling them a little. He looks at you knowing exactly where to push your buttons, he also notices your penis starting to grow “Oh, do you like that baby boy?” giving you a big playful grin. You nod head , hoping that he’ll keep going. Hemove ovee your balls and goes to the base of you cock, causing you to shiver slightly at the feeling, he starts to move up your dick until reaching the head. You let out a hard sigh. He chuckles and says “Still so horny huh, work must have been so hard on you.” He stops and reaches down for the baby powder and a huge puffy diaper, leaving you feeling so desperate to cum. “Mmmmmmmffffffnnnn” you let out hoping he will listen to your muffled plea. “Na hu, you have to wait to make stickes baby boy.” He then starts to unfold the diaper, lifts your legs up and slides it under your bottom. He then sprinkles powder over your bits, lifts your butt then sprinkles more into the seat of your diaper. You can feel the soft inner plastic on your butt, you anticipate it being folded over you. He then takes the vibrator puts a strap around it and puts it on your shaft. He then takes the front of the diaper and pulls it over your crotch, pulls the wings over the front and tapes up the diaper. He the gropes the front feeling your hard co k though the padding and says “Now remember no cumming until the end of the day understand?” You nod sucking nervously on your paci. He then undoes the strap and pulls you up and starts to unbutton your dress shirt. He pulls it off and goes over to the closet and pulls out a small shirt that says “Daddies little stinker” he walks back and pulls it over you. He takes a step back and admiring his handy work, “Look at how cute you look in that” saying in a sing songy voice. Looking down you notice that it leaves your belly button exposed. Your partner then grabs, picks you up and carries you over to the play pen and puts you down. “Now you play for a little bit while I get dinner ready. And remember” he reaches into his pocket and hits a button that sends the vibrator into a frenzy. You moan loudly behind your pacifier, he then pulls the remote out waving it round mockingly and says “No cumming.” And walks out. You sit on the floor knowing that it will be along night for you. 

